Update new-to-ocaml.md (#199)
melange-re/melange-re.github.io: docs/new-to-ocaml.md

# New to OCaml?

If you are completely new to OCaml, it is recommended to familiarize yourself
with the language first. [Learn OCaml](https://ocaml.org/docs) is a good

> starting point. but we recommend the following tutorials from the official OCaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
starting point, and we also recommend the following tutorials from the official OCaml
```

website:

- [A First Hour With OCaml](https://ocaml.org/docs/first-hour)
- [OCaml Exercises](https://ocaml.org/exercises)

> As a backend for the OCaml compiler, Melange shares many similarities with the

Reviewer: Not related to this PR, but do most devs know what "backend of compiler" means?

Author: True, worth explaining a bit here better
